@example
@c man begin SYNOPSIS
usage: kvm_stat [OPTION]...
@c man end
@end example

@c man begin DESCRIPTION

kvm_stat prints counts of KVM kernel module trace events.  These events signify
state transitions such as guest mode entry and exit.

This tool is useful for observing guest behavior from the host perspective.
Often conclusions about performance or buggy behavior can be drawn from the
output.

The set of KVM kernel module trace events may be specific to the kernel version
or architecture.  It is best to check the KVM kernel module source code for the
meaning of events.

Use batch and logging modes for scripting purposes.

@section Interactive Commands

While running in regular (interactive) mode, use any of the following keys:

@table @key
@item b
@kindex b
toggle events by guests (debugfs only, honors filters)
@item c
@kindex c
clear filter
@item f
@kindex f
filter by regular expression
@item g
@kindex g
filter by guest name
@item h
@kindex h
display interactive commands reference
@item o
@kindex o
toggle sorting order (Total vs CurAvg/s)
@item p
@kindex p
filter by PID
@item q
@kindex q
quit
@item r
@kindex r
reset stats
@item s
@kindex s
set update interval
@item x
@kindex x
toggle reporting of stats for child trace events
@end table

Press any other key to refresh statistics immediately.

@c man end


@c man begin OPTIONS
@table @option
@item -1, --once, --batch
  run in batch mode for one second
@item -l, --log
  run in logging mode (like vmstat)
@item -t, --tracepoints
  retrieve statistics from tracepoints
@item -d, --debugfs
  retrieve statistics from debugfs
@item -p, --pid=@var{pid}
  limit statistics to one virtual machine (pid)
@item -i, --debugfs-include-past
  include all available data on past events for debugfs
@item -g, --guest=@var{guest_name}
  limit statistics to one virtual machine (guest name)
@item -f, --fields=@var{fields}
  fields to display (regex)
@item -h, --help
  show help message
@end table

@c man end

@ignore

@setfilename kvm_stat
@settitle Report KVM kernel module event counters.

@c man begin AUTHOR
Stefan Hajnoczi <stefanha@redhat.com>
@c man end

@c man begin SEEALSO
perf(1), trace-cmd(1)
@c man end

@end ignore
